
2024
All the musicians will be free
All you have to be is yourself
Artists are founders
Believe in your flyness...conquer your shyness.
Burn that excel spread sheet
Buy property
Culture is the most powerful force in humanity under God
Decentralize
Distraction is the enemy of vision
Empathy is the glue
Everything you do in life stems from either fear or love
For me giving up is way harder than trying.
For me to say I wasn't a genius I'd just be lying to you and to myself
For me, money is not my definition of success. Inspiring people is a definition of success
Fur pillows are hard to actually sleep on
George Bush doesn't care about black people
Have you ever thought you were in love with someone but then realized you were just staring in a mirror for 20 minutes?
I am Warhol. I am the No. 1 most impactful artist of our generation. I am Shakespeare in the flesh.
I am one of the most famous people on the planet
I am running for President of the United States
I am the head of Adidas. I will bring Adidas and Puma back together and bring me and jay back together
I care. I care about everything. Sometimes not giving a f#%k is caring the most.
I channel Will Ferrell when I'm at the daddy daughter dances
I don't expect to be understood at all.
I don't wanna see no woke tweets or hear no woke raps ... it's show time ... it's a whole different energy right now
I feel calm but energized
I feel like I'm too busy writing history to read it.
I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex
I give up drinking every week
I hate when I'm on a flight and I wake up with a water bottle next to me like oh great now I gotta be responsible for this water bottle
I hear people say this person is cool and this person is not cool. People are cool. Man has never invented anything as awesome as a an actual person but sometimes we value the objects we create over life itself
I honestly need all my Royeres to be museum quality... if I see a fake Royere Ima have to Rick James your couch
I leave my emojis bart Simpson color
I love UZI. I be saying the same thing about Steve Jobs. I be feeling just like UZI
I love sleep; it's my favorite.
I make awesome decisions in bike stores!!!
I need an army of angels to cover me while I pull this sword out of the stone
I really love my Tesla. I'm in the future. Thank you Elon.
I spoke to Dave Chapelle for two hours this morning. He is our modern day Socrates
I still think I am the greatest.
I think I do myself a disservice by comparing myself to Steve Jobs and Walt Disney and human beings that we've seen before. It should be more like Willy Wonka...and welcome to my chocolate factory.
I want the world to be better! All I want is positive! All I want is dopeness!
I was just speaking with someone that told me their life story and they used to be homeless.
I watch Bladerunner on repeat
I wish I had a friend like me
I'd like to meet with Tim Cook. I got some ideas
I'll say things that are serious and put them in a joke form so people can enjoy them. We laugh to keep from crying.
I'm a creative genius
I'm giving all Good music artists back the 50% share I have of their masters
I'm going to personally see to it that Taylor Swift gets her masters back. Scooter is a close family friend
I'm nice at ping pong
I'm on the pursuit of awesomeness, excellence is the bare minimum.
I'm the best
I'm the new Moses
I've known my mom since I was zero years old. She is quite dope.
If I don't scream, if I don't say something then no one's going to say anything.
If I got any cooler I would freeze to death
If you have the opportunity to play this game of life you need to appreciate every moment. a lot of people don't appreciate the moment until it's passed.
Just stop lying about shit. Just stop lying.
Keep squares out yo circle
Keep your nose out the sky, keep your heart to god, and keep your face to the rising sun.
Let's be like water
Life is the ultimate gift
Ma$e is one of my favorite rappers and I based a lot of my flows off of him
Man... whatever happened to my antique fish tank?
Manga all day
My dad got me a drone for Christmas
My first pillar when I'm on the board of adidas will be an adidas Nike collaboration to support community growth
My greatest award is what I'm about to do.
My greatest pain in life is that I will never be able to see myself perform live.
My mama was a' English teacher. I know how to use correct English but sometimes I just don't feel like it aaaand I ain't got to
My memories are from the future
My mother in law Kris Jenner ... makes the best music playlist
One day I'm gon' marry a porn star
One of my favorite of many things about what the Trump hat represents to me is that people can't tell me what to do because I'm black
Only free thinkers
People always say that you can't please everybody. I think that's a cop-out. Why not attempt it? Cause think of all the people that you will please if you try.
People always tell you 'Be humble. Be humble.' When was the last time someone told you to be amazing? Be great! Be awesome! Be awesome!
People only get jealous when they care.
People say it's enough and I got my point across ... the point isn't across until we cross the point
People tried to talk me out of running for President. Never let weak controlling people kill your spirit
Perhaps I should have been more like water today
Pulling up in the may bike
Shut the fuck up I will fucking laser you with alien fucking eyes and explode your fucking head
So many of us need so much less than we have especially when so many of us are in need
Sometimes I push the door close button on people running towards the elevator. I just need my own elevator sometimes. My sanctuary.
Sometimes you have to get rid of everything
Speak God's truth to power
Style is genderless
The media tries to kill our heroes one at a time
The thought police want to suppress freedom of thought
The world is our family
The world is our office
The world needs more Joy... this idea is super fresh
There are 5 main pillars in a professional musicians business - Recording, Publishing, Touring, Merchandise & Name and likeness
There are people sleeping in parking lots
There's a crying need for civility across the board. We need to and will come together in the name of Jesus.
There's so many lonely emojis man
Today is the best day ever and tomorrow's going to be even better
Trust me ... I won't stop
Truth is my goal. Controversy is my gym. I'll do a hundred reps of controversy for a 6 pack of truth
Tweeting is legal and also therapeutic
Two years ago we had 50 million people subscribed to music streaming services around the world. Today we have 400 million.
We all self-conscious. I'm just the first to admit it.
We are here to complete the revolution. We are building the future
We as a people will heal. We will insure the well being of each other
We came into a broken world. And we're the cleanup crew.
We have to evolve
We must and will cure homelessness and hunger. We have the capability as a species
We must form a union. We must unify
We will be recognized
We will change the paradigm
We will cure hunger
We will heal. We will cure.
We're going to move the entire music industry into the 21st Century
We've gotten comfortable with not having what we deserve
Who made up the term major label in the first place???
Winning is the only option
You basically can say anything to someone on an email or text as long as you put LOL at the end.
You can't look at a glass half full or empty if it's overflowing.
